Documentation for refactor with new Republisher job (#471)
mozilla/gcp-ingestion: docs/architecture/README.md

  `Cloud Storage`
- The Dataflow `Decoder` job decodes messages from PubSub `Raw Topics` to
  PubSub `Decoded Topics`
   - The Dataflow `Decoder` job checks for existence of `document_id`s in
     `Cloud Memorystore` in order to deduplicate messages
- The Dataflow `Republisher` job reads messages from PubSub `Decoded Topics`,
  marks them as seen in `Cloud Memorystore` and republishes to various

>   lower volume derived topics including `Monitoring Sample Topics` and

Author: > These should be documented at some point.

The specific topic names, you mean?

>   lower volume derived topics including `Monitoring Sample Topics` and

Reviewer: Yes, I'm filing a follow-up issue for formalizing our topic structure and naming conventions.

      `geo_*` attributes
   1. Parse `agent` attribute into `user_agent_*` attributes
   1. Copy attributes to `metadata` top level key in `payload`

>    1. Remove duplicates based on `document_id` attribute using `Cloud MemoryStore`

Reviewer 2: the reason this waits until the very last step to attempt deduplication is to minimize the likelyhood of duplicates due to the delay between checking an id and adding it to redis

>    1. Remove duplicates based on `document_id` attribute using `Cloud MemoryStore`

Author: > the reason this waits until the very last step to attempt deduplication is to minimize the likelyhood of duplicates due to the delay between checking an id and adding it to redis

Added a line to document this concern.

      - Must ensure at least once delivery
- Must send messages rejected by transforms to a configurable error destination
   - Must allow error destinations in PubSub and Cloud Storage

### Republisher

- Must copy messages from PubSub topics to PubSub topics

> - Must publish the `document_id` of each consumed message to `Cloud MemoryStore`

Author: Added some language about "best effort" for deduplication

> - Must not ack messages read from PubSub until they are delivered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Must ack messages read from PubSub after they are delivered
- Must not ack messages read from PubSub before they are delivered
```

>    - Must ack messages that should not be delivered

Author: I've changed this language to reference "delivery to all matching destinations" and make no specific mention of "messages that should not be delivered"

> - Must accept configuration mapping `document_type`s to PubSub topics

Author: Added detail here about the configuration parameters to accept for doc types and for sampling.
